fix: run python scripts inside the balsamic container (#841)
Clinical-Genomics/BALSAMIC: CHANGELOG.rst

[8.2.5]
-------

Added:
^^^^^^

* balsamic.sif container installation during cache generation #841

Fixed:
^^^^^^

> * Execution of Python scripts inside the balsamic container #841

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Execution of `create_pdf` python script inside the balsamic container #841
```
